,Reddit_edited,Reddit_body,Author_name
0,False,Or armored space bounty hunter.,kurisu7885
0,False,I never knew I wanted this.,mud074
0,False,"Is something burning?! 
Then watch as people begin to deeply inhale your fart.",IwuzThere_CanConfirm
0,False,"I was 12 and really confused. She was 35 and married to a man who also raped me.

There are about 10 people in my life who knew. People have told me I am lucky that a MILF did those things to me. Any kid that age would be lucky.

I am fine now. It been years so I feel better.",dinosaregaylikeme
0,False,"Here's the breakdown:

1. Tom is a house cat. He's *supposed* to be there. Jerry, a pesky rodent, is not. 

2. 90% of the battles are initiated by Jerry. Even if they were initiated by Tom, it's justified because he's pretty much fulfilling one of his purposes as a housecat. 

3. Tom has a conscience. In one episode, he threw Jerry and either Nibbles or that little duck outside in a horrible storm, and locked them out of the house. He was so troubled and overcome with guilt from being so cruel, he went out to search for them and bring them back to shelter and safety. Jerry and Nibbles once stole food from a banquet Tom was supposed to be guarding, effectively getting him *executed* at the guillotine. They didn't care either, they just ate their food and sauntered away knowing full well they just got a guard killed. On top of that, Tom has even rescued Jerry from certain doom at the hands of other foreign foes. 

4. Jerry has taken advantage of the kindness of Spike, the bulldog that makes appearances occasionally. Spike, based on his own observations, sees Jerry to be an innocent mouse ritualistically tormented by Tom, so he defends him from Tom on some basis. Jerry has hit Spike with a golf club, repeatedly endangered/harmed him and his son, and framed Tom for all those misdeeds. This is how Jerry treats someone who defends him against Tom. 

5. F*ck Jerry. 
",OliverLindberg
0,False,"Even for casual parties it's good to let the host know you'll be late, even if it's just to save food. 

""Oh, the party starts at 6? I don't get off work until 7, so I can't make it till 8. ""

The host will let you know if showing up late is ok or not. 

""Oh that's fine, I'll see you at 8"". 

Or 

""Oh, that's too bad, I'll see you next time.""",paradoxofpurple
0,False,Fuck I got nervous and spent $87 on books. I should've actually read this post first lmao.,CoffeeIsNaturallyHot
0,False,"After a touchdown, people would think the player is Teebowing. Pass out a paper, people toss it. 

This was the best way to do what they meant to do",krak_is_bad
0,False,Goddamn.  The front fell off.,JohnProof
0,False,"""Oh fuck the acid's really kicking in. Act like a human. What does that *even mean*?""   ",akanyan
0,False,"""It's so....Big""

-Evelynn",fLicK17
0,False,"Took me too long to see what you did, that was such a *small* change you did.",feignapathy
0,False,The reality is we're all ungrateful for the albums he gave us,fuck_the_haters_
0,False,Because it wouldnt be a donation if that happened,gabrielsynyster
0,1506825650,[removed],[deleted]
0,False,"We don't give a shit about weed because it doesn't come with a lifestyle that increases the risk of blood borne diseases. 

Opiates, amphetamines, etc, anything where a needle can be associated with the drug, or where people tend to trade sex for drugs. That last one is a little tougher as crack tends to have a short half-life.

Edit: don't come in smelling like weed because that can make others sick when donating. Do it often enough and we'll ban you for being a pain in the ass.",crippled_bastard
0,False,Win-win,Shadownero
0,False,Is it only opiates though?  I told them I smoke weed like every day and they just told me not to come in high.,SheWhoSpawnedOP
0,False,Yeah the actual source has him walking past her and throwing the apple at her first. That was cut out for the purposes of this gif for some reason. He's entirely the piece of shit in this video. ,Mastrius
0,False,how to ruin an evening in 30 seconds,grizokz
